work_edit (#2)
spinningrachel/XMCyber: _docs/workscenarios.md

Create a scenario
------------------------------

A campaign runs to check if your system can be breached based on the configurations you've set, and the state of your system at that point in time. 

Scenarios and their conditions are the basis on which these campaigns are run. Each scenario defines the relevant conditions, and the campaign is the actual attempt to see if the system can be breached. To have campaigns run, therefore, you need to first configure a scenario. 

**To create a scenario:** 

> 1. Navigate to the **Scenario Hub**: Click <img src="../../assets/images/icscenario.png" alt="icscenario" style="zoom:60%;" /> from the navigation panel.

Reviewer: @Quadrisheriff I know I wrote this - but I'm suggesting a re-write now :)
```suggestion
1. Click <img src="../../assets/images/icscenario.png" alt="icscenario" style="zoom:60%;" /> from the navigation panel to navigate to the **Scenario Hub**: .
```

## Step 1: Scope

> The **Scope** screen is the first step in scenario configuration process, and appears similar to the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part of the configuration enables you to include only specific components for the campaign. By default all of the network elements are automatically included. 

Once you define an inclusive scope, the campaign won't check any of the network elements that are not included in this scope. For this reason, it's preferable to leave the default scope as is, and instead configure any relevant [exclusions](#set-exclusions). 

The **Scope** screen is the first step in the scenario configuration process, and appears similar to the following: 
```

@Quadrisheriff I've added here information that were (obviously) not expected to know yourself :)

1. Filter through the breach points list, select the relevant Entities from the **Breach Points Rules** area on the left of the configuration wizard.
<img src="../../assets/images/breachpointrules.png" alt="Define Breach Points" style="zoom:100%;" />
2. From the **All Entities** list, check mark the relevant entity rules to be included in the breach points. 
3. Click **Add Rule** to add the breach point rules.

All your breach points are displayed as a rule on the **Breach Points Rules** panel, and on the **Breach Points** listing on the right hand side of your configuration wizard. 

To remove a selected breach point, click <img src="../../assets/images/image67.png" alt="icscenario" style="zoom:80%;" /> in front of your selected breach point.

Click **Next, Define Assets** to move to the next configuration step.

> ## Step 3: Define critical assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Define critical assets

Critical assets are the most sensitive elements on your network. By configuring these elements, you enable XMCyber to offer essential related business insights. 
```

3. Click **Add Rule** to add the critical assets rules.

Asset rules may overlap and specify the same Entity. For example, the same computer may conform to the rule for a specific computer name as well as fulfill a role included in the device rules, such as Web Server.

All your critical assets are displayed as a rule on the **Critical Assets Rules** panel, and on the **Critical Assets** listing on the right hand side of your configuration wizard. 

To remove a selected critical assets, click <img src="../../assets/images/image67.png" alt="icscenario" style="zoom:80%;" /> in front of your selected critical assets.

After defining assets, click **Exclusions** to move to the next configuration step.

## Step 4: Set exclusions

<img src="../../assets/images/exclusions.png" alt="Set exclusions" style="zoom:75%;" />

The Exclusions screen allows you to exclude specific methods, or parameters, such as CVEs and credentials, from participating in your scenarios. 

Exclusion enables you to customize your scenarios, and also to control how they affect your network. For example, you can remove a offensive method from the virtual hacker toolbox.

> **Note -- Setting an exclusion is not compulsory, and you can move to the next step without specifying any exclusions**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note -- Setting an exclusion is not compulsory, and you can move to the next step without specifying any exclusions at all.**
```

To specify an exclusion:

> 1. Click the **Plus**. An Exclude Method window pops up.

Reviewer: It's preferable to include the icon of the plus inline and then rewriting: Click <img>.

```suggestion
1. Click <insert inline img>. The Exclude Method window pops up.
```

> 2. Select a method type from **Methods** the dropdown list. By default, all methods found in this environment will be excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select a method type from the **Methods** dropdown list. By default, all methods found in this environment are excluded.
```

> 3. To add Parameters to your method, click the **Add new parameter** button to display the Parameters dropdown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To add parameters to your method, click **Add new parameter**. 
    The dropdown opens with available parameters:
```

> 4. Select and upload your relevant paramenters 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select and upload relevant parameters. 
```

>  To add an additional parameter, click the **Add** button box. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To add an additional parameter, click **Add**. 
```

> 5. To remove a parameter, click <img src="../../assets/images/image67.png" alt="icscenario" style="zoom:80%;" /> in front of the parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To remove a parameter, click <img src="../../assets/images/image67.png" alt="icscenario" style="zoom:80%;" />.
```

Reviewer: @Quadrisheriff This is a good place to add a focused image if you're concerned the language isn't sufficient, marking the image where the icon is that needs to be clicked.

> 6. After adding parameters to the method, click the **Exclude** button to set your exclusions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After adding parameters to the method, click **Exclude** to set your exclusions.
```

> All your selected methods and their parameters will be displayed on your **Exclusions** window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All selected methods and their parameters are displayed from the **Exclusions** window.
```

> After adding your exclusions, click **Settings** move to the last configuration step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding exclusions, click **Settings** to move to the last configuration step.
```

## Step 5: Settings

> <img src="../../assets/images/image71.png" alt="Settings" style="zoom:75%;" />

Reviewer: Move this under the opening sentence.

> The **Settings** screen lets you further customize the various attributes of your scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Settings** screen enables you to further customize the various attributes of your scenario.
```

> The settings screen contains the following configuration options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are the configuration options that you can set:
```

| Complete Campaigns:   | Specify the conditions to terminate the campaign: when the entire network is compromised, or when all assets are compromised.You can choose either or both options. Selecting neither will run the campaign for the duration specified in **Campaigns run for**.     |
|Campaigns run for:        | Specify the duration of campaigns run under the scenario.            |
|Multiple Attack Vectors:   | **Recommended to enable** Allows assets to be compromised multiple times via different attack vectors. After the first attack, an asset can be compromised again via another attack vector, to find all compromises and report them in order of complexity.|               
| Generate Campaigns Now:   | Select for generating new campaigns immediately or later, at your convenience.|    

> When you are done with your settings, click the **Review** button to review your configuration optuons and create your Scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When done, click  **Review** to review your configuration options and create the scenario.
```

## Review the scenario

> This final screen lets you review the scenario configurations. You can edit any configuration by pressing the <img src="../../assets/images/image207.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" /> icon infront of the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This final screen enables you to review the scenario you've configured. You can edit any configuration by clicking <img src="../../assets/images/image207.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" /> for the relevant configuration.
```

> When you are satisfied with your Scenario, click the **Create Scenario** button to create your scenario. Your newly created Scenario will be displayed as a card on the **Scenario Hub** screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When done, click **Create Scenario** to finalize and save the scenario configurations. 
Your newly created scenario appears as a card on the **Scenario Hub** screen.
```

## Edit scenario configurations

> You can edit the configuration of any scenario on the **Scenario Hub** screen. Click <img src="../../assets/images/image207.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" /> on the top of your Scenario card to move back to the Review screen. You can edit all your configurations including scope settings, breach points, assets, and scheduling settings in this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit all existing scenario configurations including scope settings, breach points, assets, and scheduling settings. 
1. Click <img src="../../assets/images/icscenario.png" alt="icscenario" style="zoom:60%;" /> from the navigation panel to navigate to the **Scenario Hub**. 
2. From the **Scenario Hub** screen, find the relevant scenario and from the upper right of the card, click <img src="../../assets/images/image207.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" />. 
   The **Review** screen appears.
```

@Quadrisheriff always assume users have arrived to new sections without reading all of the other processes.

> 1. On the **Scenario Hub** screen, select a scenario and at the upper right of the card, click the <img src="../../assets/images/image207.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" /> icon. The Review screen appears.

Reviewer: Delete this.

> 2. Review your settings, and click the <img src="../../assets/images/image207.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" /> icon on the configuration you want to edit. A screen will appear enabling you to edit the configuration of the selected step.

Reviewer: @Quadrisheriff there's no need to add personalization here; additionally please only use present tense.

```suggestion
2. Review the settings, and click <img src="../../assets/images/image207.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" /> from the configuration you want to edit. 
   A screen appears from which you can edit the configuration of the selected step.
```

> 3. After editing the settings for a particular step, click the **Save Changes** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After editing the settings for a particular step, click **Save Changes** .
```

4. After saving your edits, click **Close** to move back to the **Scenario Hub**.

Manually generate a campaign from the scenario
------------------------------------------------------

> To manually generate a Campaign from an existing Scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually generate a campaign from an existing scenario:
```

> To manually generate a Campaign from an existing Scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A campaign runs to check if your system can be breached based on the configurations you've configured at the given point in time, based on the current state of your system at that point in time. 
**To manually generate a Campaign from an existing Scenario:**
```

> 1. On the **Scenarios** screen, select the Scenario from which you want to start the Campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **Scenarios** screen, select the scenario from which you want to start the campaign.
```

> 2. At the top of the Scenario's card, click the **More** button to generate a dropdown list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the top of the scenario card, click **More** to open the dropdown list.
```

     <img src="../../assets/images/image138.png" alt="editscenario" style="zoom:75%;" />

> 3. Click **Generate New Campaign** to generate a new Campaign according to the Scenario settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Generate New Campaign** to generate a new campaign based on the specific scenario.
```
